 What does Massive do with delisted tickers? | Massive Individuals Businesses Docs Pricing Company Massive Open main menu Loading... Footer Massive Products Stocks Options Indices Currencies Futures Docs Documentation Tutorials Knowledge Base API Status Company About Massive Blog Careers Product Roadmap Legal Privacy Terms Subscribe to our newsletter The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox. Facebook Instagram X (formerly Twitter) GitHub YouTube © Massive.com, Inc. Knowledge Base / What does Massive do with delisted tickers? What does Massive do with delisted tickers? Reference Data Stocks FAQ They stay. Delisted companies keep their history exactly as it was published, so a backtest sees the companies that failed as well as the ones that survived. Their ticker records are marked inactive rather than removed. Delisted tickers stay in Massive's data. The history a company generated while it was listed remains exactly as it was published, and its ticker record is marked inactive rather than deleted. This matters more than it sounds: a dataset that quietly drops failed companies makes every historical strategy look better than it was, which is the bias that sinks most naive backtests. Applies to Plans: reference data is on every plan; the market data your key can reach still follows your tier and its history window. Endpoints: /v3/reference/tickers with active=false to find them, and the ordinary data endpoints for their history. Asset classes: US stocks and OTC. How to find delisted tickers The tickers endpoint defaults to active instruments only, so you have to ask: curl -X GET "https://api.massive.com/v3/reference/tickers?active=false&market=stocks&limit=5&apiKey=YOUR_API_KEY" Copied Copy to Clipboard Response { "results" : [ { "ticker" : "AAB.WS" , "name" : "LEHMAN BROTHERS CURRENCY BASKET WTS EXP 2/13/2008" , "market" : "stocks" , "locale" : "us" , "primary_exchange" : "XASE" , "active" : false , "delisted_utc" : "2008-02-11T05:00:00Z" } ], "status" : "OK" } Copied Copy to Clipboard delisted_utc is the field to read: it dates the delisting, which is the one thing the ticker events endpoint will not tell you. That default is worth remembering whenever a count looks smaller than you expected: totals from this endpoint are counts of active instruments unless you say otherwise. What you can still get for one For a delisted ticker you can still get everything that was published while it traded: aggregate bars, trades, quotes, reference details and any corporate actions it had. What you will not get is anything after its last trading day, and there is no delisting event to read, because the ticker events endpoint records symbol changes only. So the last date with data is the practical answer to "when did it stop", and the reason it stopped may be a delisting, an acquisition or a symbol change. The events endpoint distinguishes the third from the other two. Why survivorship bias matters Survivorship bias matters because a universe built only from today's active tickers contains only the companies that made it. Every company that went bankrupt, was taken private or was acquired at a discount is missing, and their absence removes most of the bad outcomes from the sample. A strategy tested on that universe is being asked an easier question than the market asked at the time. Building the universe as it stood on the date you are testing, using active=false as well as the active list, is the fix, and it is the main reason the delisted records are kept. If you see an error A ticker that returns nothing from /v3/reference/tickers but has historical data is almost certainly inactive. Add active=false . Data that ends abruptly and never resumes is a delisting, an acquisition or a symbol change. Check the events endpoint for a symbol change first, since that is the one case where the history continues elsewhere. A ticker symbol that has been reused by a different company is possible. Check the ticker details for the date range you care about rather than assuming one symbol is one company for ever. Related How does Massive handle ticker changes and acquisitions? What are the different types of tickers that Massive supports? How much historical stock data does Massive have? What is Massive's reference data? Was this article helpful? Loading... Yes No Modernizing Wall St. Reimagining financial market data for the 21st century. About Massive Schedule a demo Talk with our market data experts Calendly Recommended Can't find the answer you're looking for? Contact our team . Title Are all indices available through the basic subscription tier? Data Coverage Category Data Coverage Indices Category Indices Description No, and the ones it withholds are the famous ones: SPX, DJI, RUT and VIX all need a paid tier. Basic still reaches more than 10,000 of the 13,000-odd indices Massive publishes, and NDX and the Nasdaq Composite are among them. Title Does Massive offer dark pool data? Data Coverage Category Data Coverage Stocks Category Stocks Description Yes. Off-exchange prints, which include dark pool executions, arrive on the ordinary trades feed and are identified by an exchange ID of 4. There is no separate dark pool endpoint, and no way to tell which individual venue a print came from. Title Does Massive offer pre-market and after-hours data? FAQ Category FAQ Stocks Category Stocks Description Yes. Every extended-hours trade and quote is published, from 04:00 to 20:00 Eastern. There is no session parameter, so you select a session with timestamps, and expect far fewer aggregate bars outside regular hours because most extended-hours trades do not update a bar. 
