 Alpaca - Unlimited Access, Real-time Market Data API Alpaca http://alpaca.markets/ Products Broker API Overview End-to-end brokerage platform Resources Webinars, eBooks, and guides Broker API Reference Code snippets, use cases, and more Trading API Overview Execute your trading algorithms TradingView Best-in-class charting and trading platform Market Data Real-time stock market and crypto data Business Account Optimized access to Alpaca products Elite Low-cost, advanced algorithmic trading MCP Server Execute trades powered by AI insights Trading API Reference Code snippets, stories, and more Connect Overview Connect your app with live trading QuantConnect End-to-End Quant Trading Platform Asset Classes US Stocks & ETFs Options Cryptocurrency Platform Industry best cyber security practices Use Cases Fintech Startups Digital Wallets Broker-Dealers Hedge Funds & Prop Firms Algorithmic Traders Robo Advisors Tokenization Platforms Crypto Exchanges Your New Project Shariah-Compliant Investing Developers Tools & Resources Full API Reference Getting Started SDKs and Tools Alpaca-Py Broker API Resources Learn API Status Community Slack Forum Github Enablement Partners Resources About About Alpaca We're Hiring Blog Newsroom Support Frequently Asked Questions API Status Learn Broker API Resources Community Forum Community Slack Contact Us Speak to Sales Login and Signup Login Trading API Broker API Sign Up Trading API Broker API Navigation Button Trading API Real-Time Stock, Options and Crypto Market Data Developer-first API with up to 10,000 API calls/min and over 7 years of historical data Sign Up for Free Flexible plans with instant access Developer-first API with up to 10,000 API calls/min and over 7+ years of historical data Free For developers and researchers $0/mo Algo Trader Plus For algo traders and quants $99/mo Real-time (latency) Yes, via websocket 15 minute delay via API API Calls 200 API calls/min Unlimited API calls Historical 7+ years 7+ years Coverage 100% market coverage 100% market coverage US Stocks US Options (Opra) Yes, indicative Yes, real-time Crypto Extended Hours Exchanges IEX All US Exchanges Corporate Actions Aggregate Bars Snapshots Websockets Limited to 30 symbols Unlimited symbols Get API Keys Get API Keys Ready to build your own trading app with market data? Broker API is fully equipped with everything you need to launch and scale quickly Learn More Real-time stock data For any ticker down to the second. True event-based streaming market data via Websockets, instead of being limited to pulling minute or daily bar data. REST API and client libraries Build sophisticated trading strategies using a suite of order types including OCO, IOC, MOO, and MOC. 7+ years of historical data Allowing you to develop and test your strategies with confidence. Aggregate bars Gives you access to any minute/hour/daily bar data to support your trading strategies. Have a question? We're here to help! With our global support team, we’re here to help you choose the best plan for your goals. Contact us and one of our team members will help you find the right plan. Contact Support Developers Trading API Docs Broker API Docs Market Data API Docs OAuth Docs Slack Forum Support Learn SDKs & Libraries GitHub API Status Security About Us About Alpaca Blog Contact Us We're hiring Newsroom Disclosures Disclosure Library Form CRS Form CRS Responses to Conversation Starters Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions LinkedIn GitHub Slack Alpaca http://alpaca.markets/ © 2026 Alpaca Securities LLC (dba "Alpaca Clearing") All Rights Reserved. © 2026 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved. © 2026 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved. Securities brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Clearing, member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. Options trading is not suitable for all investors due to its inherent high risk, which can potentially result in significant losses. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto LLC ("Alpaca Crypto"), a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS # 2160858), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca Crypto is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not stocks and your cryptocurrency investments are not protected by either FDIC or SIPC. Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risks, such as volatile market price swings, market manipulation, flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks. Cryptocurrency regulations are continuously evolving, and it is your responsibility to understand and abide by them. Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and permanent loss of financial value. You should have appropriate knowledge and experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For additional information, please click here . Disclosures Brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Clearing, member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. Brokerage services are provided to customers who can write automated investment code and self-direct their own investments. Alpaca brokerage services are only provided to customers who agree to electronically sign agreements and agree to receive messages, confirmations, and statements electronically. Is Alpaca right for me? This is not an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell securities or cryptocurrencies, or open a brokerage account or cryptocurrency account in any jurisdiction where Alpaca Clearing or Alpaca Crypto respectively, are not registered or licensed, as applicable. The Paper Trading API is offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. and does not require real money or permit a user to transact in real securities in the market. Providing use of the Paper Trading API is not an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, securities derivative or futures products of any kind, or any type of trading or investment advice, recommendation or strategy, given or in any manner endorsed by AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc. affiliate and the information made available through the Paper Trading API is not an offer or solicitation of any kind in any jurisdiction where AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc. affiliate (collectively, "Alpaca") is not authorized to do business. You should know that the use or granting of any third party access to your account information or place transactions in your account at your direction is solely at your risk. Alpaca does not warrant against loss of use or any direct, indirect or consequential damages or losses to you caused by your assent, expressed or implied, to a third party accessing your account or information, including access provided through any other third party apps, systems, or sites. Market prices, data and other information available through Alpaca are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors. A more complete description of the impact these factors may have can be found in our risks of automated trading systems section . All investments involve risk and the past performance of a security, or financial product does not guarantee future results or returns. Keep in mind that while diversification may help spread risk it does not assure a profit, or protect against loss, in a down market. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities, or other financial products. Investors should consider their investment objectives and risks carefully before investing. There are risks unique to automated trading algorithms that you should know about and plan for. You should setup a method or system of continuous monitoring or alerting to let you know if there is a mechanical failure, such as connectivity issues, power loss, a computer crash, or system quirk. You should also monitor for instances where your automated trading system experiences anomalies that could result in errant, missing, or duplicated orders. A more complete description of these and other risks can be found in our FAQ section. Conditional orders may have increased risk as a result of their reliance on trigger processing, market data, and other internal and external systems. Such orders are not sent to the market until specified conditions are met. During that time, issues such as system outages with downstream technologies or third parties may occur. Conditional orders triggering near the market close may fail to execute that day. Furthermore, our executing partner may impose controls on conditional orders to limit erroneous trades triggering downstream orders. Alpaca Clearing may not always be made aware of such changes to external controls immediately, which may lead to some conditional orders not being executed. As such, it is important to monitor conditional orders for reasonability. Conditional orders are “Not Held” orders whose execution instructions are on a best efforts basis upon being triggered. Furthermore, conditional orders may be subject to the increased risks of stop orders and market orders outlined above. Given the increased potential risk of using conditional orders, the client agrees that Alpaca Clearing cannot be held responsible for losses, damages, or missed opportunity costs associated with market data problems, systems issues, and user error, among other factors. By using conditional orders the client understands and accepts the risks outlined above. Alpaca Clearing encourages leveraging the use of Paper accounts to become more comfortable with the intricacies associated with these orders. ETFs can entail risks similar to direct stock ownership, including market, sector, or industry risks. Some ETFs may involve international risk, currency risk, commodity risk, and interest rate risk. Trading prices may not reflect the net asset value of the underlying securities. All accounts are opened as limited purpose margin accounts. You should know that margin trading involves interest charges and risks, including the potential to lose more than deposited or the need to deposit additional collateral in a falling market. Before using margin, customers must determine whether this type of trading strategy is right for them given their specific investment objectives, experience, risk tolerance, and financial situation. For more information please see Alpaca's Margin Disclosure Statement and Margin Agreement. These disclosures contain information on Alpaca Clearing's lending policies, interest charges, and the risks associated with margin accounts. Any fee you pay is based on the specific transaction and not the value of your account. In general, we do not charge a commission for trades. However, certain arrangements with authorized business partners may preclude commission free trades by Alpaca Clearing. If your account is established via an authorized business partner, please refer to the fee schedule provided through your authorized partner’s website or platform. Customers of Alpaca Clearing should refer to the Alpaca Clearing Brokerage Fee Schedule . Please ensure you review the fees and costs identified on any confirmations and statements you receive. Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risks, such as volatile market price swings, market manipulation, flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks. Cryptocurrency is not regulated or is lightly regulated in most countries. Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and permanent loss of financial value. You should have appropriate knowledge and experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For additional information please click here. Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto, a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS # 2160858), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca Crypto is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not stocks and your cryptocurrency investments are not protected by either FDIC or SIPC. Please see the Disclosure Library for more information. © 2026 Alpaca Securities LLC (dba "Alpaca Clearing") All Rights Reserved. © 2026 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved. © 2026 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved. Commissions Disclosure Commission-free trading is available to Alpaca's retail customers. Commission-free trading means that there are no commission charges for Alpaca self-directed individual cash brokerage accounts that trade U.S.-listed securities and options through an API. However, certain arrangements with authorized business partners or the use of the Elite Smart Router as part of the Alpaca Elite offering may preclude commission free trades by Alpaca Clearing. Please refer to the Brokerage Fee Schedule for more information. Relevant regulatory fees may apply. Alpaca reserves the right to charge additional fees if it is determined that order flow is non-retail in nature. Alpaca and selected third parties use cookies on this website as specified in the cookie policy . You accept the use of these cookies or other identifiers by pressing 'Accept', closing this notice, or logging into your account. Accept 
