 Stock APIs for U.S. and Global Stocks | Tiingo --> --> Home Documentation Products About Pricing Blog App Login Sign-up Sign-up/Login Products Stock APIs End-of-Day Prices IEX Real-time BOATS Overnight Real-time Financial News Fundamental Data Stock & Fund Dividends Stock & Fund Splits Crypto Forex (FX) Company Descriptions About Tiingo Difference Mission Contact Home Documentation Products About Pricing Blog App Tiingo's Stock APIs A Stock API emphasizing cleanliness , consistency , and completeness We are customers of our own product Our origin story was formed in 2014. We were working on building a new kind of financial terminal but ran into a major problem: data quality and data licensing. We then sought out to build our own solution: a data cleansing framework that was licensing friendly. Being veterans in the industry, our friends ran into the same problem as we did, and asked us to license the data for their own apps and trading. Next thing we know, everybody knew us for our consistent APIs. We built the data product we always wanted: responsive support for paid customers, reliable, and a team that's obsessive about data cleansing. And chances are, if you've used the most popular APIs on the market right now, you've actually been using our data as we not only distribute data via our own APIs, but through incredible white label partners. Our Stock API Data Products End-of-Day Stock Prices Our End-of-Day (EOD) Stock Prices go through a rigorous data cleansing process before we publish the results for consumption. We not only error-check prices, but distributions and splits also. With over 80,000 Stocks, ETFs, and Mutual Funds, with data going as far back as 1962, you can have an unprecedented amount of error checked and constantly refined data. Check out more End-of-Day Stock Price API product details here or go straight to our End-of-Day Stock Price API Documentation . IEX Real-time Stock Prices The IEX Exchange is an official US Stock Exchange that brings new life to real-time exchange licensing. While other exchanges require onerous reporting requirements, as well as expensive licensing (especially for firms), the IEX Exchange eliminates all that. Our IEX Real-time Stock Price API is powered by our infrastructure that connects directly to the exchange in our Equinix data centers . This lets us keep the data at minimal latency as our cloud infra is next to our colocation infra. As one of the earliest IEX Exchange data partners, you can get historical 1 minute data as far back as 2017, as well as recent data via our IEX Real-time REST API and our IEX Real-time Websocket API . Furthermore, we enrich the data further using internal Tiingo algorithms that update the prices in between trades when the prices are inline with overall market. This means for liquid tickers, you can get 1 minute bar charts that look like the following, even when there are sparse trades: Fundamental Data With over 14,000 assets covered, 20+ Years of history, and 80+ standardized indicators, our Fundamental Data API Product makes unifying datasets simple, reliable, and consistent. Fundamental Data includes both actively listed and delisted tickers that file earnings reports with the SEC. Data is normalized to both the most-recently reported data as well as as-reported data as well. Stock News Our Stock News API was our first API product to hit the market. With over 70,000,000+ articles going back to 1990s, tagged and structured, it is our premiere dataset that is loved from all of our clients, whether a hedge fund, brokerage, or individual traders. This is primarily a start-up and enterprise product, although Power customers can take advantage of most recent updates as well. Tagging utilizes our custom tagging and NLP framework that utilizes custom Tiingo-developed solutions to tag Stocks, ETFs, Mutual Funds, FX pairs, and Cryptocurrencies. Bulk download is also available for our enterprise customers. Corporate Actions (Distributions & Splits) Clean corporate actions are a difficult problem in our industry, especially when looking to capture future distributions/dividends and splits. Our Corporate Actions product solves this problem by publishing error-checked distributions and splits, and only publishing them as they are checked. As more data comes in, our system automates more checks, creating a high-fidelity corporate actions feed. Tiingo offers two separate corporation action feeds, our Distribution/Dividend Corporate Action Feed and our Splits Corporate Action Feed . both feeds include detailed historical, and future, actions. Speed and Uptime We aim to have consistent uptime as well as some of the fastest severs possible with optimized in-memory caching, so we can deliver data quickly and consistently. Check out our independently-audited uptime here: Tiingo Uptime Quick-to-Action Support We say quick-to-action, because anybody can respond to a ticket in 24 hours. But our team looks to solve issues immediately. Come say hello and check it out: E-mail us at [email protected] and see our response times. 
